the film's story starts in the prison
where a chain prisoner is shown
the coming soldiers open the prisoner
and they take the prisoner to the
balcony while dragging here all the
citizens are seen screaming and calling
him a murderer and a bloody beast jailer
asks a guard to announce his punishment
in front of the crowd god announces that
court has declared his punishment of
hanging after two days
but before hanging the executioner will
break his hands and feet
and all people are thrilled with the
excitement hearing it at last who is
that killer let's see
now the story reverses a few years ago
where we see a view of paris fish market
which was the most stinking place of the
city people used to earn their bread and
butter selling fish and meat here we see
a fish seller lady who breeds a dead
child and this lady had also bred four
dead children before and she kicks them
into the stream with the rotten fish
but she gave birth a live child now but
thinking him dead she also throws him
into a stream
now that child weeps due to the odious
smell of rotten fish
standing people there catch the sight of
this child and curse his mother
this child is the same prisoner who was
announced punishment his name was gene
he possessed two qualities firstly he
has such nose having a perfect sense of
smell
and secondly if someone leaves him that
person was dead somehow as his mother
who had thrown him after his birth is
sentenced to death
and gene is sent to orphanage of madame
call out who used to foster the children
only for the sake of money but the
children in orphanage feel insecurity
taking their importance so they try to
kill gene but cool out saves him coming
there and beats those children
facing difficulties in orphanage jean is
unable to utter a word for five years
but using his sense of smell he knows
about everything
due to the short capacity in orphanage
ghoul outsells him to the collector of
animal skins at his 13 years old as jean
leaves from there some thieves kill coal
out stealing all her money the buyer of
jean takes hard work from jean and he
also takes him to the city where coming
out from oda jean first time takes the
taste of the wonderful world and scents
leaving luggage jean is attracted to a
perfume shop seeing it he looks at a
shopkeeper holding a very famous perfume
and at the same time he smells another
scent coming from a fruit cellar girl he
is enchanted to her that girl offers him
fruit taking him hungry but jean catches
the hand of her on it she leaves the
place feeling fear but jean finds her
using his sense of smell
he sits at the backside of her the girl
suspects of samyon's presence at her
back sid and she shouts in fear but jean
presses her mouth to avoid the people
attention
so the people may not gather there as
the people leave gene removes the from
the mouth of girl putting her dead and
her scent is gone gradually leaving jean
astonished where will the scent dissolve
now let's talk of another character who
was the great perfumer of the city of
paris
and his job had gone down with the
arrival of new perfumers in the city he
used to imitate the other perfumers at
the same evening jean visits his shop
for the delivery of the goatskin and he
looks at the variety of perfumes there
sensing the smell of baldness body jean
says that he can made such perfume for
him and bolini makes fun of him
gene tells him about the power of his
ability
baldini gives him a chance
making perfumes jean gives them to
bollini who senses the smell of amore in
them this perfume was the most famous so
baldini is left astonished seeing it
jean ensures him that he can also make
best ever perfumes
sensing its smell baldini misses his
beloved he has got much talent
now baldini buys jean from grimmill at
the same night drunkard grimmell is dead
falling into a stream
baldini and his perfumes get popularity
in the whole paris because of gene and
he teaches jean about his own methods of
making perfumes he tells jean every
perfume has three sets in which each
consists four cents
it means total sense are 12 which can be
differentiated by human beings easily
otherwise no existed man in this world
can match this perfume if someone makes
13th perfume
jean becomes emotional about it thinking
he will be able to make it and he asks
baldini to teach its process promising
to give its best method throughout the
world
baldini tells the process of adding 10
000 flowers into the bottle according to
his design machine which he had learnt
it before coming in paris
one day baldini finds gene weeping as
baldini asks the reason gene calls him a
liar saying that his told method is
unsuccessful and told i could not
capture the iron and glass into a bottle
after baldness incident gene loses his
conscious
now baldini is got worried thinking
about the loss of fame as gene falls ill
gene asks the other processes from
baldini and he tells him to extract
perfume from the fart of animal's skin
bollini orders him to go to grass he
takes 1 000 formulas in return
jean learns the work going to grass as
baldini sends him from there as gene
leaves baldness house is dashed out into
dust putting him in to death going to
grass jean first time realizes the sense
of freedom he was the slave of no one
and could take his own decisions
now there are two ways which lead to
grass one leads through village while
other is through mountain
now he begins to go through mountains
on the way he observes a cave where he
stays for rest he sleeps peacefully
spending many days the on once he dreams
of that fruit seller girl
awaking in confusion gene begins to
smell his body but does not feel his own
body smell
while showering in rain outside he
realizes that he has not his own smell
next morning he leads to grass he senses
the same fruit seller girls perfume
he sees a prettiest girl getting off the
carriage
seeing he pursues her and comes to grass
following this girl he enters a palace
which owns to a richest person riches
and that beautiful girl laura is his
daughter who was the most beautiful girl
in grass
jean works here under a lady whose
husband keeps a strict eye on jane
living in their company jean learns the
two ways to extract perfume from animals
fat he applies first method over his
female co-worker he boils that girl's
dead body in a tank with animals fat but
he cannot achieve success
in second process he takes a street
walker in which he uses animals fat
glossing on a cloth killing her jean
shaves her head and glossing her dead
body he wraps it into a cloth and he
becomes successful while extracting
perfume from that cloth according to
told method of baldini which he applies
on streetwalkers pet dog for checking
then he makes a set of 13 bottles told
by baldini it means the murder of a
person for each bottle
at laura's birthday party all girls and
boys played their hide and seek finding
chance jean also arrives there and
attacks laura but she is survived and
twin girls in the party are disappeared
now we know that gene makes first two
bottles of set killing these two girls
and both girls dead bodies are seen
floating in the water which is under the
bridge of city after it the chain of
girls murders begin in the whole city
and frightened people start to lock
their outside doors of houses in order
to save their daughters but gene
prepares the 12 sets of bottle and mix
all into a big bottle
now he needs one more bottle to make
perfect perfume it means the murder of
lore
observing riches says that all victim
girls were young with no mark of
seduction on their body
this mudra has killed them for a
reason.all people visit in the church
for help and church's father agrees to
help
coming there a man informs about being
caught of that murderer all people are
filled with joy hearing it
riches does not believe on this news
worrying about his daughter he decides
to leave grass so escapes with his
drafter next day
jean senses the smell of going laura
from city following her he finds her
with his ability on the other side
streetwalker's dog detects the hair and
clothe of its owner lady in jean's room
which is known by drewt who was the
co-worker with jean
investigations of police discover the
clothes and hair of other girls
riches stays the whole night in a hotel
is with his daughter laura and keeps the
keys of her daughter's room in his own
room
jean steals the key from his room going
to laura's room next day coming in
laura's room rich's weeps bitterly
finding laura's dead body now jean makes
the 13th bottle mixing it into his final
bottle and becomes successful
now jean is arrested by police
story again begins where the punishment
is being announced after two days
people come to see the end of jean
remotely as they bring him out from the
prison finding chants jean opens the lid
bottle as the people stand for the
weight of jean he moves to the
executioner coming out from the carriage
as a prince
executioner kneels down and calls gene
blameless while weeping
now gene also sprinkles perfume on a
handkerchief and all people feel the
taste of heaven as he waves it in the
air and all call him an angel
jean takes himself the savior of mankind
and he throws his handkerchief among the
people
and within a time all people starts
making love without any discrimination
of younger elder poor rich black white
etc observing this jean feels the true
love he misses that fruit seller girl he
thinks that loving her as such he could
make her own
thinking it he is saddened and start
sweeping
suddenly richards reaches there holding
a sword in his hand to murder jean
but the magic of perfume also makes him
uncontrollable bending down at his feet
he asks forgiveness
jean realizes his mistake he departs the
city later the effect of perfume is
disappeared among the citizens now gene
moves to his birthplace fish market
bringing out the perfume bottle from his
pocket he pause over him
noticing this all sitting people there
are inclined on him due to the effect of
perfume tearing him in this way jean's
life has ended
[Music]
[Applause]
subscribe to movies inspired for more
videos and click the bell icon to
encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting
[Music]